doc: Add new section about using Zephyr with PlatformIO (#24310)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/platformio/index.rst

.. _platformio:

Using with PlatformIO
#####################

.. image:: img/platformio-logo.png
  :target: https://platformio.org/?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org

.. contents::
    :local:

What is PlatformIO?
*******************

`PlatformIO <https://platformio.org/?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`__

> is a cross-platform, cross-architecture, multiple framework tool for embedded

Reviewer: Thanks for improving this considerably. I still think this reads a bit too much like an advertisement for PlatformIO, and we'd like to stay IDE and framework-neutral in Zephyr upstream.
Maybe @mbolivar-nordic can take a shot at shortening this a bit?

Reviewer 2: Agreed, this is a lot better, thanks.  I will leave a suggestion.

Author: How about with this?
```
PlatformIO is a cross-platform and multiple architecture tool for embedded systems engineers and software developers who write applications for embedded
products. It is fully compatible with the Zephyr project.
```

> is a cross-platform, cross-architecture, multiple framework tool for embedded
> systems engineers and software developers who write applications for embedded
> products. It is fully compatible with the Zephyr project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is a cross-platform embedded development environment with
Zephyr support maintained by its developers.

Since Zephyr support within PlatformIO is not maintained by the
Zephyr Project, please report any issues with PlatformIO directly to
its developers.
```

Reviewer 2: If you can add a link to how you want to get bug reports etc. to the text here, IMO that would be even better.

> A detailed overview of the PlatformIO ecosystem and its philosophy can be

Reviewer: This is perfectly fine.

found in `the official PlatformIO documentation <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/what-is-platformio.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_.

Installation
************

* `PlatformIO IDE <https://platformio.org/platformio-ide?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_
  is a toolset for embedded C/C++ development available on Windows, macOS and Linux
  platforms
* `PlatformIO Core (CLI) <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/index.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_

>   is Command Line Tool that consists of multi-platform build system, platform and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is a command-line tool that consists of multi-platform build system, platform and
```

.. _platformio:

Using with PlatformIO
#####################

.. image:: img/platformio-logo.png
  :target: https://platformio.org/?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org

.. contents::
    :local:

What is PlatformIO?
*******************

> `PlatformIO <https://platformio.org/?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`__

Reviewer: I don't think this section belongs in Zephyr's documentation.  This should be part of PlaformIO's doc, and can be linked from here.

Reviewer 2: Most of this seems to be links to other places in the PlatformIO documentation, no? I'm not sure we've ever handled an integration like this and what sorts of details should go here.

In general, this page reads a bit too much like an advertisement for PlatformIO. I'm sure that it's great, I just don't think things like this belong here:

- "professional"
- "new generation toolset"
- "unique, developed-from-scratch build system that removes the usual pain"
- "easy integration with numerous cloud platforms"

I think this documentation should just stick to the facts if it belongs here at all. Will leave that up to others to decide.

unit testing (`PIO Unit Testing <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/plus/unit-testing.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_),
automated code analysis (`PIO Check <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/plus/pio-check.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_),
firmware inspection, and remote management (`PIO Remote <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/plus/pio-remote.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org>`_).
It is architected to maximize flexibility and choice by developers, who can use
either graphical or command line editors (`PlatformIO Core (CLI) <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/index.html?utm_source=docs.zephyrproject.org#piocore>`__),
or both. PlatformIO is a must-have tool for professional embedded systems
engineers who develop solutions on more than one specific platform. In addition,
by having a decentralized architecture, PlatformIO offers both new and existing
developers a quick integration path for developing commercial-ready products,
and reduces the overall time-to-market.

And it runs on any one of your favorite modern operating systems (macOS, MS Windows,
Linux, FreeBSD).

Installation
************

.. tip::

>    In our experience, PlatformIO IDE is the best way to start exploring the PlatformIO ecosystem.

Reviewer: Please refrain from adding opinions in the documentation
